Did you love him?
I don't remember.
That probably means no.
That's sad, isn't it?
No.
Not really.
Depends on how you look at it, I guess.
Of course you would say that.
Always so neutral...
and safe.
That's you.
What would you want to remember?
What do you mean?
Like, something I've forgotten?
Sure.
But if I'd really forgotten,
how would I know about it?
Or even have any desire to remember it?
Okay anything,
if you could have a memory of anything,
real or not.
What would it be?
A fake memory?
You don't make any sense.
I've always been good at that.
Here.
Listen.
Sound of the ocean, captured in a shell.
Like a memory.
Imagine if it held something different.
Something more than just the sound,
but just as real.
What if we had a chance to remember things
that we never actually experienced?
What good is it if it didn't happen?
No one would believe it.
Well, you'd believe it.
It's about the feeling, that's what matters.
The problem is,
I like my stories based on reality,
and you like fiction.
It's just nice to be able to decide what happens.
Tell me what happens.
Or, what happened,
in this memory that's never existed until now.
What would you want to remember?
I'm nervous.
I'm not sure if she can tell.
But for one single arbitrary moment,
I gather enough courage,
and whisper something in her ear.
Something I've always known but never told her.
Holding my breath only makes my heart beat faster.
She looks at me for the first time,
differently,
but with the same eyes I fell in love with.
She takes my glasses off...
and then...
Nothing.
It doesn't matter.
She takes your glasses off.
and then...
fiction becomes...
reality.